---
layout: archive
title: "Vacancies"
permalink: /vacancies/
author_profile: true
---

{% include base_path %}

Research Assistant / Associate in Machine Learning for Motion-Robust MRI - 12 Months Full/Part Time (TBC)
------
We are looking for an enthusiastic research assistant (pre-doctoral) / research associate (post-doctoral) to make a leading contribution to an EPSRC project on Motion-Robust and Efficient Functional MRI. The objective of the post is to develop novel machine learning models for functional MRI (fMRI) motion correction, incorporating infant motion as a target domain. fMRI is a leading non-invasive modality to measure brain activity and connectivity and is used throughout the lifespan. However, subject motion represents a formidable challenge for fMRI and thus limits its clinical applications. This project will aim to enable the advancement towards motion-robust and efficient fMRI, through exploring advanced machine learning techniques for fMRI motion correction. The project will involve interdisciplinary research and close international collaborations with academic and industrial partners at Trinity College Dublin and Siemens Healthineers. 


Research Assistant / Associate in Trustworthy AI for MRI Reconstruction - 36 Months Full Time
------
We are looking for an enthusiastic research assistant (pre-doctoral) / research associate (post-doctoral) to make a leading contribution to a project on TrustMRI: Trustworthy and Robust Magnetic Resonance Image Reconstruction with Uncertainty Modelling and Deep Learning. 

The TrustMRI project aims to tackle the critical and growing problem of artificial intelligence (AI) trustworthiness for AI-enabled magnetic resonance image (MRI) reconstruction from accelerated acquisitions. MRI is the leading diagnostic modality for a wide range of exams, but unfortunately the physics of its data acquisition process makes it inherently slow. Recently, AI techniques have opened the possibility to accelerate this considerably. However, the lack of consideration of their trustworthiness and failure management on unseen cases limits their translational potential in clinical practice. The objective of the post is to enable the advancement towards trustworthy and robust AI-based MRI reconstruction, through equipping them with the ability to model uncertainty and handle cases outside distribution. The research will develop advanced deep learning (DL) methods that can quantify, evaluate, and leverage predictive uncertainty for reliable and robust MRI reconstruction. The project will involve interdisciplinary research and close collaborations with academic and industrial partners.

